added          adds          adding
affixed        affixes       affixing
adjusted       adjusts       adjusting
amended        amends        amending
avoided        avoids        avoiding
bumped         bumps         bumping
changed        changes       changing
checked        checks        checking
committed      commits       committing
copied         copies        copying
corrected      corrects      correcting
created        creates       creating
decreased      decreases     decreasing
deleted        deletes       deleting
disabled       disables      disabling
dropped        drops         dropping
duplicated     duplicates    duplicating
enabled        enables       enabling
enhanced       enhances      enhancing
excluded       excludes      excluding
extracted      extracts      extracting
fixed          fixes         fixing
handled        handles       handling
implemented    implements    implementing
improved       improves      improving
included       includes      including
increased      increases     increasing
installed      installs      installing
introduced     introduces    introducing
leased         leases        leasing
managed        manages       managing
merged         merges        merging
moved          moves         moving
normalised     normalises    normalising
normalized     normalizes    normalizing
passed         passes        passing
pointed        points        pointing
pruned         prunes        pruning
ran            runs          running
refactored     refactors     refactoring
released       releases      releasing
removed        removes       removing
renamed        renames       renaming
replaced       replaces      replacing
resolved       resolves      resolving
reverted       reverts       reverting
               sets          setting
showed         shows         showing
swapped        swaps         swapping
tested         tests         testing
tidied         tidies        tidying
updated        updates       updating
upped          ups           upping
used           uses          using
